---

title: "Dr. Kenton Wakes Up - Winston's Advent Calendar Day 25"

date: 2023-12-25 06:00:00

layout: post

comments: true

---



OK first off, MERRY CHRISTMAS if that is your preference.


I used the last of the 24 cups yesterday, BUT Winston has one more treat in his advent calendar.

So, today I will brew a pour over and produce a little summary of my results. If you cannot stand to watch that, the written summary is below.

THANKS FOR PLAYING ALONG!! 

---


I correctly guessed (in chronological order) Hazelnut (6th), Hot Buttered Rum (14th), Amaretto (16th), Butter Toffee (17th), Glazed Cinnamon Roll (22nd), Chocolate Truffle (23rd), and Mint Mocha (24th).

Here is a little redux on streaks: Started 0 for 5. Then on the 6th, correctly guessed Hazelnut. Then, 0 for 7 until I correctly guessed Hot Buttered Rum on the 14th. Then correctly guessed Amaretto on the 16th and missed the next five. BUT!!! Finished with three correct in a row.

Seven out of 24 makes a 0.292... Not great.

On 7th, 15th, and 18th I guessed "tomorrow's" cup today. I also guessed the LAST cup on the FIRST day.

My most common guess was Chocolate Truffle (5 times), followed by a number of two-time guesses (Amaretto, Cookies and Cream, Dark Chocolate, Glazed Cinnamon Roll, Hazelnut, Hot Buttered Rum, Mint Mocha).

I would probably do it again next year. And before you say something like, "Dr. Kenton, won't you be able to refer to this sequence next year?" I guess, assuming two things: first, that I will remember that I have done this before AND second, that the company that made the calendar would just roll out the same sequence every year. First, ANYTHING is possible with my memory.  Second, I did see that the calendar was essentially a box in a box. That is, I could take the boxes out and put them back into the calendar in a different way. Or dump out the cups and put them back in the trays and then back into the calendar. 

Or, maybe another coffee company will create its own Advent calendar? I guess in October of 2024, I can start looking for such... Egad.

I had fun, and I hope you did too. 